The King of Heaven Dou is above one person in the Heaven Dou
Existence beneath ten thousand people
It seems that all this is true
Hua Qiyue is already a god general of Heaven Dou
Thank you Tiandou for the gift
Wang Shuze will live up to her mission
Wang Zhongqi
I heard you wanted to talk to me
Oh, no, not Lord Delian Town
I don't know what you mean.
third brother
For the sake of being brothers
Can't you say a word?
From the moment you kicked me out of the house
I have nothing to do with the Wang family
In fact, the last person you should give up is Mr. Lin
Mr. Lin is my oil and salt, but I don't know Tarzan
Please forgive me.
If the situation hadn't reversed
Will you spare me?
Drag it down and fight a thousand
You can't do this to me. No
You can't do this to me.
You're all free to go.
What are your orders?
Mr. Lin is responsible for your main duties
What is the relationship between Lin Ce and Lord Lin Zhen?
How could it be so reused?
Hu Province is downstairs bordering many countries
Foreign powers have been eyeing
The provincial government has only just been established
So Wang Shuze Citibank
The two of you go to the lake to improve your health
Let outer security inside
Farewell to Li Ming
Mr. Lin, I have one more request